# Team-54
### Learn for Less 

Domain- AI & Data Analytics

In the age of the internet, the demand for online learning
has increased tremendously as people look for convenient
and flexible ways to improve their skills and advance their
careers. As a result, there are now numerous websites and
platforms offering a vast range of online courses, each with
its own strengths, weaknesses, and pricing models. However,
with so many options available, it can be overwhelming and
time-consuming for learners to choose the right course for
their needs and budget. Additionally, the quality of online
courses can vary greatly, and learners may struggle to
discern which courses are reputable and worth their
investment of time and money.

Our optimized website enables students to easily
categorize courses based on criteria such as price, rating,
duration, difficulty level, and more, saving them time and
effort.
Our algorithm analyzes course content, instructor
credentials, and learner reviews, providing quality
assessments to empower informed decisions for
students and improve course quality for providers.
Ultimately, our website streamlines the online course
selection process, promotes quality, and enhances the
learning experience.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95607023/228421961-2fd50698-a2fe-48e0-82e4-16e35e20a74a.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95607023/228421996-0166bf50-c0c9-4e23-a165-8b903fb81075.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95607023/228422022-1ae0737a-db68-44a1-92f3-9eae67a2c1e4.png)
